I'll cook Xiangxiang, what are you doing?
Hello cousin
I know how you and your brother-in-law felt about being killed by Ye Fanxing that day
Long Jingtian is angry about public humiliation
Want revenge today we join forces
On the territory of Dragon Mansion
We want to make Ye Fanxing
Long Jingtian has no chance to turn around
how
What's in it for us?
After it's done, as long as you can teach Long Jingtian a lesson
Our second emperor will listen to you from now on
I will never compete with you for the family property
OK, that's a deal.
Bah, you sound like an old fox
Wife let them be proud for a while
We need to borrow their hands
Get rid of Ye Fanxing of Longjingtian
Then report them to the owner
At that time, the head of the family thought they were murdering brothers and sisters
hum
Ye Muxue will definitely be driven out
Let's just wait and reap the power of the fisherman
OK
Cousin happy cooperation
Happy cooperation
Cousin cousin brother-in-law inside please
Be polite.
This car
Isn't this the latest luxury car to hit the market?
The value I remember is 8 million